chore: VCAP_SERVICES_FILE_PATH compatibility using greedy matchers (#407)
cap-js/telemetry: README.md

Exports traces and metrics to Dynatrace.
Hence, a Dynatrace instance is required and the app must be bound to that Dynatrace instance.

> Please note, that for the binding to be resolved, the bound service instance needs to use the tag `dynatrace`, regardless of whether it is a user-provided service instance or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

}
```

If you are binding your app to SAP Cloud Logging via a [user-provided service instance](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/devguide/services/user-provided.html), make sure that it has the tag `Cloud Logging`.

> Tip: To add the required tag to an existing user-provided service, you can use: 
> ```
> cf update-user-provided-service {service-name} -t "Cloud Logging"
> ```

> > For detailed information about binding resolution in CAP, consult [the relevant documentation](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/node.js/cds-connect#vcap_services).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For detailed information about binding resolution in CAP, consult [`cds.connect()` → Service Bindings](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/node.js/cds-connect#service-bindings).
```
